.TH COLORSCRIPT 1 "December 2024" "colorscript v1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
colorscript \- run various shell color scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B colorscript
[\fIOPTION\fR] [\fISCRIPT NAME\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
colorscript is a command-line tool for running shell color scripts, a collection of terminal color scripts that provide ANSI art or colorful terminal outputs. You can run specific scripts by name or index, get a random script, list available scripts, and manage blacklisted scripts.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help, help
Display this help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list, list
List all installed color scripts with their corresponding name and ANSI art.
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-random, random
Run a random color script from the available scripts.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-exec, exec
Run the specified color script by either SCRIPT NAME or INDEX.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-all, all
Run all color scripts and display their names along with their ANSI art.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-blacklist, blacklist
Blacklist the specified color script by name or index, moving it to a "blacklisted" folder.
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-unblacklist, unblacklist
Unblacklist the specified color script, moving it back to the main directory.
.SH FILES
/usr/bin/colorscript
The colorscript executable binary.
.TP
/opt/shell-color-scripts
The directory containing the installed color scripts.
.TP
/opt/shell-color-scripts/blacklisted
The directory containing the blacklisted scripts.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B colorscript \-r
Run a random shell color script. This can be added to your shell configuration to get a random color script every time you open a terminal.
.TP
.B colorscript \-l
List all installed shell color scripts, showing their index and name.
.TP
.B colorscript \-e 2
Run the color script with index 2.
.TP
.B colorscript \-e red.sh
Run the color script named "red.sh".
.TP
.B colorscript \-b red.sh
Blacklist the "red.sh" color script by moving it to the blacklisted directory.
.TP
.B colorscript \-u red.sh
Unblacklist the "red.sh" color script, moving it back to the main directory.
.TP
.B colorscript \-a
Run all installed color scripts, displaying their names along with their ANSI art.
.SH AUTHOR
Amal Lalgi (https://github.com/theamallalgi/colorscripts/)
.SH SEE ALSO
bash(1), zsh(1), fish(1), terminal(1)
